# MCP Pipeline w/ gen-mcp 10-04-2026

  Meeting started: 4/10/2026, 8:30:31 AM
  Duration: 34 minutes
  Participants: Calum Murray, Jose Gonzalez, Matthias Weßendorf, Nader Ziada, Peter Double

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/j0hN7lsgO93l8OuDqFLN?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 16:17 Matthias Weßendorf: But in terms of like, I guess making sure a repository on its own is like safe and sound in a sense, I guess there's different layers of like setting it up. That's like on github. You can you can use things like dependabot have them even auto, merge for like security bumps and whatnot. So I I'm not 100% sure. I I
> 27:27 Peter Double: But it seems like there's a couple reasons, you know, want to extra reason that Gen Mcp could work for the partner and then really one less reason that it can work for the partner that we need on our own. Kind of other pipeline for once it's already containerized to check these things. And make sure we have a standardized way of doing that. All right. Nice. So, I'll definitely clean this up. I'll put some and this was a very, very initial, you know, getting into these these pieces. But I'm going to have a ticket here coming for this. This helps me make that ticket. And then, I have to go and do a bunch of research on each of these pieces to understand how it's all gonna fit together. What size,
> 34:04 Peter Double: ticket, Of course, I'll share that with everybody. And once I have a better story there as Calum even said, Management needs to know this, so that way you can actually get dedicated time to work on these things. So we'll definitely get that information.

  ## Transcript

  00:00 Matthias Weßendorf: For some time for day work weeks. Hello.
00:04 Peter Double: so guys,
00:06 Nader Ziada: Okay.
00:07 Peter Double: Good morning afternoon. Yeah. And happy Friday.
00:12 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
00:15 Peter Double: To get caught up there. I'm attached.
00:18 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah. I'm probably in an hour or so, I go for a weekend.
00:24 Peter Double: Yeah, but yeah, you you were out for a full week or just a couple days.
00:29 Matthias Weßendorf: Four days before the Easter, like last week the four days before the Easter holiday the Friday was in Germany, a holiday, the Good Friday and Easter Monday is a holiday here too. so,
00:42 Peter Double: Yeah, we Calum was fully aware of my last week. We got an email at 350 on a Thursday that every Strat we had had to be in feature complete, sign off at 350 on a Thursday and Calum was with me on Friday when I was just like and Chris had to deal with it as well, getting on here, just like freaking out because, hey, this is a horrible time to put out an email, when everybody's out for a four-day weekend,
01:15 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah, right.
01:15 Peter Double: and Ireland had already left. India had already left like everybody was already out of office and they're like, yeah, these need to be featured complete. And
01:21 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
01:22 Peter Double: it's like, this isn't gonna work out.
01:25 Matthias Weßendorf: That's right. Yeah, you're three pm is like an island is like eight or nine pm. Yeah.
01:31 Peter Double: Yeah. Yeah, but we made it happen, and I was happy that some people did not respond on Friday, because they were out, but some people did so good on them as well. But yeah, the other people I talked to them on Tuesday, when they were back and they're like, yeah, I was not answering those. I was like, good, good for you. Oh no, actually. Yeah Calum.
01:52 Matthias Weßendorf: It's not.
01:53 Peter Double: Air rocking the summit shirt which has read a red hat. AI on the back, we sponsored the shirts. I didn't know that until we got our shirt.
01:58 Matthias Weßendorf: I, I hear. I hear it.
02:03 Peter Double: But there were Calum, got the good one though. He got the sweatshirt, the Docker Docker with the doom symbol so it's like it looks like doom but it says Docker and it's a full sweatshirt. Now to like that, just have an extra sweatshirt. And my best one that I got was the context rules, everything around me, which is
02:20 Matthias Weßendorf: Wow.
02:22 Peter Double: like a playoff of what wu-tangs, cash rules, everything around me. So I'm that's my second hip. Hop mcp shirt, so I'm happy. But yeah it was a good meeting. Um I don't think anybody else was going to show. Maybe one or two other people might come in but I think we can get started. Just to kind of give the set the stage here. I've had a lot of people from the services group wandering, what we're gonna do with with building Mcps or helping with helping our clients to build Mcps as well as working with the partnership ecosystem team, for how they're going to ingest new Mcps from partners. And I talked with Calum about it, a bunch on Friday with good that we were together to actually sit and talk about that for a bit. And I knew the partnership ecosystem team was already interested in making a pipeline and I was seeing how this might be able to fit and that was really weird. Let's go back up here and we were trying to talk through To, you know what? What needs to be done having a Way to ingest and Manage Partner. Mcps outside of the release cycle eventually and keeping them up to date. So that way as CBE show up or anything like that, we can quickly replace them within our actual product as well as helping clients to be able to quickly make them. And at first I was like, Well, the clients, you know, they're gonna want to go different ways, but since the focus would be more on a platform engineer Jenmcp is actually a good solution for that because we want to go a little bit lower code, to be able to give them a way to do this. In the salespeople, really like the Gen Mcpe product because it gives them that opportunity to quickly make something and really be able to see how it works for some of their already existing APIs. So What I was thinking about what I'm talking to Calum about. This is I know that you guys already have the ability to generate the ability to evaluate and the ability to containerize and at the containerization level, one of the things that we've been running into is that the metadata needs to be standardized around that because of the lifecycle, operator consuming it and making sure that we have a standard set of how we would have that metadata set up a standard schema for that. Because what we had Chris, well, we have we had five total Mcps that we were looking at Red Hat one that got kicked out immediately with Rel because they were still stdio and not ready for HTTP. But then the four that were remaining all four had different metadata that they they were trying to pass in a lot. Different files to come with it and we realized So, wow, this is fun. Trying to say that there is no standard around what that metadata looks like from a container level.
05:17 Peter Double: Now I I know that that's something we've really been working on across team here in terms of trying to figure out what that metadata really looks. Like I've also recommended for the metadata if we have it in a good spot that it is something we contribute upstream to try to say Hey we're container platform company. We should have you know a say in or try to push forward what we think the standards might be around that metadata. But that's neither here. Nor there in terms of what we're talking about at the moment, but the idea being that Gen Mcp can help standardize towards that. And make sure that our clients when creating new Mcps can be that can create containers, that have that metadata standardized for them, which helps us internally as well. This to me made sense as well. Can we use it then just for the containerization evaluation areas? And I wanted to be able to see if the Gen Mcp team would be interested in looking at What validation and scanning would look like for these as well. So that way, they can be contained within the one product and be able to actually have this become a part of the product because services and sales are asking for this capability to be part of the product. We have clients asking for it, which gives us ammunition to, to be able to make this happen and it helps us control the entire mcpe ecosystem. Then, on our product, which I believe is, you know, it will kind of give us the end-to-end from ingestion of the Mcps all the way through the MCP, gateway, and making sure that we can control kind of the lifecycling and everything of the product. As we have a Registry being looked at right now in terms of having an MCP registry it in three five as part of MLFLOW.
07:08 Peter Double: So once we have that registry and we could have ingestion of these Mcps, we would be at a place where we control the entire ecosystem of the MC. From end to end. So with that though, I really wanted to hear from Matthias and Calum, definitely Nader. I, I don't think. Well, I've been on calls with you before, but I don't think we've actually met before, you know. So I'm I'm the PM over mcp. Some of it. Some agentic work and the JI studio and have been pushing this ecosystem forward. But I know we've been on many calls together in the
07:41 Nader Ziada: It's yes.
07:43 Peter Double: past. I actually don't know your role, though, if you wouldn't mind.
07:47 Nader Ziada: Yes, I'm also part of the team working on the Gen MCP and used to be on Knative Serverless. And now also on the MCP server so I'm not one of the engineers with
07:56 Peter Double: Okay.
07:58 Nader Ziada: Calum and Matthias
07:59 Peter Double: Apologies. I should have known that in the past and
08:00 Nader Ziada: Now, just, I haven't been around for a long time. Just joined that I had recently.
08:05 Peter Double: Okay. All right. Well very nice to meet you. And Chris is our kind of architect
08:07 Nader Ziada: Okay, safe.
08:11 Peter Double: and resident, prototyper developer all things helping with the partnership because system pieces of this as well. And then Ramesh I have on the call as well here, that I wanted him to have a view of everything that we're having here. He's been helping out with the a lot of the registry and catalog work as well. And it will, I'm trying to keep him involved as much as possible so he understands exactly what we're asking and pushing for. So he can help me drive some of this forward as well. And Jose, I don't think we've met before either you also on the Gen Mcpe team. Are you able to speak? Yeah, sorry.
08:48 Jose Gonzalez: No, no I'm under. I'm under Matt Dorn.
08:51 Peter Double: Oh, geez. Okay, so partnership egosystem is represented here so perfect. Sorry about that. Jose, I don't think we've met in the past and if we have I apologize but we so this is a good good circle here that. So what we have is the idea that we want to be able to have a partnership ecosystem managed pipeline so that they can continually work on partners and be able to get new ones in and eventually when it's all Ready and working, then we can do that off-cycle and be able to keep these things updated and be able to add new partners and have them work with partners directly to make that happen. And then of course on the client side, them being able to take those APIs that they have or repos that they have and be able to quickly create some Mcps around those. So, Mcp team are Gen Mcp team. What do you think about this idea here? I wanted to hear what your thoughts were are, these are validation and scanning something you really be interested in having a part of that doesn't make sense. Then to have that all kind of contained within the Gen Mcp world. What do you what do you think?
10:00 Matthias Weßendorf: I have, I think, I like to two questions, one, one of those capabilities that we have right now, is really, to just build and generate like a MCP server based on like, API definitions that we have there. When I see different repository and I talked with Calum briefly yesterday, is that Austin in the scope there? That maybe there is some parts of an MCP server written by partners other folks as well. But we would then kind of leverage that and maybe Contribute, the necessary evil parts for getting that like further out, speaking of authentification, talking exchange and and stuff like that. Is it like this this kind of approach like either you have nothing and just a HTTP based backend and some proper like API definitions. They're like open API, as well as like some kind of, let's say, simplified MCP server, that's already there. But for like fully production ready and whatnot. There is still a gap like, in terms of like authentification, it's, is that what you have in mind there as well? Or How do I see that kind of he ripple between?
11:11 Peter Double: Sit. So for the the mcp repo there should be ready to go and would just need to be containerized in in most cases. So they should have, they would have to hit their like out whatever checklist we make for them of all of the pieces that should be what their MCP server is, and then they would then use it to you. The idea for me and I and this comes where I would have questions around validation and scanning as well. But the idea being here that we would check the repo validate it, that it is. In fact, the partners repo that like it is. In fact having some problems on that and I would need to understand that better but I'm trying to talk out the basics at a very high level and then we'll have to figure out what that looks like but you would be checking the MCP scanning it for any vulnerabilities and then evaluating their mcp and we can like wear that takes place we would definitely still talk about but then use it as a containerization engine of their already formatted ready to go MCP.
12:10 Peter Double: And then on the other one would be that we would need to for the generation of those APIs. We would that's the normal flow for you at my understanding is, is that you have API, and you would use that generation capability. So, I my, my thoughts were that from a partner that their mcpeace repo is ready to go, and that you wouldn't have to worry about wiring it for all those other pieces.
12:35 Peter Double: And that's I'm spitballing here. Like I need to I need to understand better, what would need to be done to that MCP repo as it comes in and Jose. I don't know from your side if you did help. Matt at all on any of the partner Mcps. They came in but we can always follow up with Matt as well. In terms of what did he need to do to it as it came in to get it to a containerization level? And you do you did you touch any of those?
13:06 Jose Gonzalez: so for the most part several of them had containers for the most part it was just a matter of figuring out what what was required to get its uvi 10 In our particular you know not all of them had ubis of base image so it's mostly translating those things and basically applying Just baseline container things, the appropriate set of labels to identify everything. If we need to copy over a partner licenses, that's basically the kind of you know, adaptation those required to get from what they had in their repository. If they provide a container you know adding additional things to
13:35 Matthias Weßendorf: scan / validation - as in CVE? 

Konflux? :)
13:39 Jose Gonzalez: that to make it work. If they didn't have a container, then we kind of built it from the scratch just based on what dependencies they had.
13:46 Peter Double: It and as with us is asking there like the scan validation as in CBE. I I was definitely talking about that but that's what my understanding was is that Matt was checking for those. And I'm not positive though on that we'll have to follow that up. So that's follow up with that Jose. Sorry.
14:06 Jose Gonzalez: Yeah. Yeah, for CVS that we, I mostly relied on on quiz scanning, mostly. That's what we put all the images for now. So, basically with the scan results there, I think where I landed on. That was the In some cases, we try to update, you know, the base as much as we can to provide, you know a reasonable set of cve's that were just kind of dealt with in the UBI but in some cases with partner dependencies they didn't come from the UBI. There's a good chance that we didn't do anything to actively change that just because we're not necessarily fully testing the partners application running through their end-to-end or anything like that. So we didn't touch any of their dependencies. If we could avoid it, only in a couple of cases that we actually have to make a change. I think this baby one or two images at most that we looked at a maybe a base Python version change to to make things work, but it wasn't related directly to CES. So, for the most part, CD related things are checked in Quay and the ones that we saw the ones that remain in Quay as of right now, related to the dependency, the application itself.
15:10 Peter Double: Okay. Yeah. Matthias
15:14 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah, in terms of like setting up this kind of pipeline there, I I guess something like a validation and the skin based on like repositories. I mean, there's like difference where different ways of like enabling this that could be through like something like conflux or whatever so I'm not 100% sure. i I really understand where you would picture this whole pipeline, Um for like the productization of this. So that's that's something that's a little bit like unclear right now. What we have with the Gen MCP is really like, okay, you have either nothing or you have like some some client interface like some CLI or you have some just like HTTP endpoints and we we take this and then we make an MCP server. Either out of like your CLI or your existing weapon application. So something like that, could be definitely somehow behind some like UI flow.
16:17 Matthias Weßendorf: But in terms of like, I guess making sure a repository on its own is like safe and sound in a sense, I guess there's different layers of like setting it up. That's like on github. You can you can use things like dependabot have them even auto, merge for like security bumps and whatnot. So I I'm not 100% sure. I I
16:37 Matthias Weßendorf: really understand the entire of them there. One to one it, I don't know.
16:43 Peter Double: It and honestly it like I'm not sure that's why I'm getting you all together and that's why I was trying to figure out where each piece would fit. One of the things we were looking at for scanning was Anne, Murray was pushing snick on us, to be able to use Snick for checking the capabilities to make sure that it was a safe situation. So I would think that, you know, Dependabot and the repo would would totally make sense, but then I didn't know if there was an additional kind of at the more AI level that the that Snake was checking for do need to do some more research there. So that's where I was wondering if Nick was something that we would have to be able to check. Check those or not or if we already do have the pieces in place to be able to validate so understanding about or sorry, scanning understanding those two pieces was definitely something. I was looking to be able to do here count.
17:35 Calum Murray: Um, I guess like a slightly separate question is. like if they're just is already a working partner, mcpe that kind of does have all the like Security features. We're asking for, like, everything all the Runtime Bits. Why wouldn't we just want to use something like podman or docker? That's like a more powerful containerization tool to containerize it like Gen Mcp. It can containerize things but it's pretty opinionated and it's really based around just like the MCP servers it's generated and how it does that. So
18:06 Peter Double: Okay.
18:09 Calum Murray: like, if it's some generic repo that could be anything like it would be you very hard to implement like, Everything that Pod man or Docker could support for Containerizing there.
18:19 Matthias Weßendorf: we use some of the KO library bits, for building images (that what gen mcp does)
18:21 Calum Murray: like, In my mind where it might be useful as if there's a partner mcpe, and it's just like a standard IO. MCP server, that doesn't have any security features like we could easily wrap
18:31 Matthias Weßendorf: (as in ko build tool)
18:33 Calum Murray: that put it into HTTP put all the security stuff in front of it and containerize that that might be useful. But if there's like already to go like secure HTTP, MCP server, like, I think podman or docker would be what you'd be looking for, right?
18:50 Peter Double: Okay. Yeah, and that that does make sense. So, basically what you're saying is, is this all just comes down This is the main flow for Gen mcp, and this, this makes the most sense to keep it that way. And then
19:03 Calum Murray: Um, the one thing to note, we pulled the evaluations out of Gen Mcproject into a separate projects since we figured their generic for any MCP. So the evaluations you could still use what we have for any MCP but like it doesn't need to be a GEN Mcpmcp server. We're using it on the like Openshiftmcp server as an example.
19:22 Matthias Weßendorf: mcpchecker is a separate org now
19:22 Peter Double: Okay. Yeah. So that that makes sense and we would still be trying to figure out exactly what the containerized MCP or the. It doesn't necessarily fit to make an MCP server in Gen mcp, doing this this. So maybe this is this fast mcp or sorry if they want to turn. There's into a container then they're gonna go through Docker. So we would go from here to Docker pod man. Be able to make it a containerized mcpe. Take it all the way in to the repo. No, no major problems but we can do our validations and scanning there. This comes out, we can use it.
19:57 Calum Murray: And we can do evaluations still like on any MCP.
20:00 Peter Double: Yeah. All right, so yeah, this can be outside to come back in. A little further there, that would come back in if and use that your containerizing what, you know, which is the Gen MC Pmcp. So that comes in there and that doesn't change much. It's like, we'll still need to figure out exactly what this looks like. And I'll be working with the partnership ecosystem team to make sure we understand exactly what their pipeline looks like. But the ideas there would be, I don't see that.
20:33 Peter Double: I was trying to definitely blow up Gen Mcp to do a lot more in this case, but I don't think it affects the what the field wants for being able to bring this in and have this be available. So that way they can offer it to clients to say, Hey, platform engineers, you can create an MCP really quickly off your APIs. So it's not a big deal that way. It's just not, I was trying to make it more all of a one and one and done solution.
20:55 Calum Murray: No, I think like the only place where it's still might be useful, is if we have some partner like Mcps that don't have all of that, like HTTP security or other things. Since the gems Peter Runtime can do all of that, and a standard way. And so you can say, hey, just like, Make an unsecured like Stdio or Http/mcp server and we can do the like security runtime in front of it. That's still sounds pretty useful to me.
21:18 Peter Double: Okay.
21:18 Calum Murray: And we can make sure that that works with like however everything and like the gateway or whatever, other security things, you can make that all work with the Gen Mcp runtime. So that like, if they want to do it themselves great. But if they just want to like, Make a set of tools and expose it as a standard iomcp server. We can do everything around that and that that might still be useful. I don't know exactly where all these partners are at but there's a decent amount of work there to make sure all the pieces work.
21:43 Peter Double: Yeah it opens up some other partners I think the majority of the partners would probably be coming then with their their containerized MCP already set up. So we like this is good because then I have there's multiple lanes there's an extra lane I need to add to this within that containerized MCP world. I'll have the extra lane for them still being able to do it through an Stdio to HTTP and TV for a simplistic MCP server.
22:09 Calum Murray: Or even it could be just like HTTP without like all the security and off. Like it doesn't, it can be either. It's just like if we're putting a containerized like HTTP server on to OPENSHIFT or Openshift AI, like there should be some level of security and like off and stuff like that. And so if you're not going to do all that, we can handle that basically.
22:29 Peter Double: All right. Yeah, that I mean the optionality is good. So having that optionality, and if we're gonna have this part built in anyway there, then it makes it really like relatively easy. Then for the partner to have, another
22:40 Jose Gonzalez: I've gotta drop, I'll catch the rest on the recording. Good to meet you folks.
22:43 Peter Double: means of doing that. Plus the client might want to have some situations where they might want to add the right pieces in to make sure that it can be handled appropriately. So I I think that's too avenues there that makes sense and then
22:53 Matthias Weßendorf: what recording? :)
22:55 Peter Double: the main Avenue partner with partnership ecosystem, we still We still want to a really nice pipeline around that so that way we can automate a lot of the the updates and validation. And once we have a registry it'll be easier to do that with with versioning and whatnot. These pieces. Would be, I would hope reusable across all of the pipelines as necessary. So looking at what validation, truly entails of what's coming in and having an actual dedicated. MCP, scanning tool that that is very specific to that kind of technology is interesting to us, but repo checking beforehand.
23:34 Calum Murray: when you say scanning is that like like scanning like dependencies and stuff
23:35 Peter Double: Yeah.
23:38 Calum Murray: like that or scanning endpoints or like
23:41 Peter Double: So from I need to look at Snake a lot closer because Ann was just sending that over. But it's an agent scanner actually that can change and check all of the different assets and they were interested in using it for both. And I don't know what it's exactly scanning yet so I will do follow up on that and get more information. Sent it to me like three days ago. So I will definitely take a look at that but the idea being yeah, making sure. We know more of a provenance supply chain on the validate scan being what's going on with this. Exact AI asset is it a functioning as a are the pieces functioning as expected in terms of not shady grounds? And then the evaluate is the actual is it functioning the way it should be working? So those are the three pieces, we definitely want to make sure are part of this.
24:31 Peter Double: I know Serob was working on some of these things on the, the partnership engineering team as well. And we'll definitely follow up there to see what they've been working with to understand that. A little better. Yeah, Calum.
24:45 Calum Murray: I just wanted to bring up something that may or may not be useful around the evaluation step just because of the way it is in the pipeline here. The way the evaluations have been built like we can run evals against a whole bunch of like models or agents. Like for example, for onboarding a like, Partner MCP. And there's some eval scenares we can test how all it works and get an eval score or like the Kubernetes MCP Server. Open Shift, MCP server, we run those before release and we get eval scores for all the tools and stuff.
25:20 Calum Murray: But it's been set up. So that like, let's say we didn't test with Like out of the customers' codecs, like they should be. They could also do their own evaluations. After the fact with their specific agent because it might not be the same if they have a different agent than what like the partner ecosystem Evals worked with right? So it's been designed kind of from the ground up to support as many agents as possible and I don't know if that's a thing where we're gonna have customers being like I don't use any of these agents but I use this other one.
25:51 Calum Murray: So, like, as long as it's not a homegrown agent, they built themselves then the
25:51 Peter Double: Yeah.
25:55 Calum Murray: eval framework could probably work with it.
26:00 Peter Double: Okay, so that When the partner wants to try that, like I did.
26:05 Calum Murray: Or like, more of a customer. Like, if a customer is using, I don't know, like Amazon queue or whatever they call their agent. And like, we only tested with Cloud code and Gemini as an example, before we put it into the catalog with eval scores, right? Like they might want to be like, okay well how does it work with Q?
26:23 Peter Double: Okay. Yeah, so can use different agents. Okay.
26:30 Calum Murray: But that would be like maybe at the like customer level. Like after they get this out of the catalog or something, I don't know.
26:39 Peter Double: Okay. All right. So yeah, we can definitely look at kind of a, not just a once and done pipeline run, but like being able to actually come back and leverage that multiple times. Now, the big question we're gonna have here is, and I know this is gonna be talked about, is using this outside of kind of like the pipeline. MLFLOW is now going to be the main evaluation tool for all of the AI assets. I know we don't have MCP within MLFLOW yet so I don't know what their back-end evaluations are going to look like at this point, we're going to be building that registry in soon and those capabilities within MLFLOW So we'll see exactly what that looks like as well. But I can definitely take a look there and see how this all fits together.
27:27 Peter Double: But it seems like there's a couple reasons, you know, want to extra reason that Gen Mcp could work for the partner and then really one less reason that it can work for the partner that we need on our own. Kind of other pipeline for once it's already containerized to check these things. And make sure we have a standardized way of doing that. All right. Nice. So, I'll definitely clean this up. I'll put some and this was a very, very initial, you know, getting into these these pieces. But I'm going to have a ticket here coming for this. This helps me make that ticket. And then, I have to go and do a bunch of research on each of these pieces to understand how it's all gonna fit together. What size,
28:09 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah, I have two more questions. So in terms of like partner service, like I tested some of those with the operator for instance like the terraform and it looks like some of them they have been. Maybe Christmas is best. They have been coming with some key IO, MCP, service stuff. So I guess someone in redhead was was building these kind of service. So the overall idea is then that this kind of build process goes, A way and will be behind some kind of pipeline. Like, what you mentioned there was the containerization, but then also all of these servers there, so, so different. So but What we have right now is these custom images. So and maybe I think the terraform is a good example because it doesn't have any kind of all stuff. So, but we have a standardized so like already enable. Like we are technically able to enable like some all stuff when we generate our own MTP server. So is that maybe something then as well? Like like Calum was trying earlier, just saying like that, if there is already some containerized stuff that just like focuses on offering some tools that we could kind of jump in there as well. And provide these missing bits there is that what you and really envision there at the end of the day? Or is it completely just like different set of servers instead of the ones that we were testing like for the summit and the wise stuff?
29:37 Peter Double: So I wasn't even aware of that until Calum mentioned it. And when he said it I was like that makes sense to me too. So there is the like you already have their own containerized mcp, down here and then we would add something like, you know, off Off edition or other. You would I would need to know what other wiring. You're adding to it, but like, off edition stuff like that, and be able to have that in
30:00 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
30:02 Calum Murray: like,
30:03 Peter Double: there.
30:04 Calum Murray: Observability of TLS, just like kind of production, ready things that I don't
30:07 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
30:11 Calum Murray: know if they have or not?
30:12 Peter Double: Okay.
30:14 Matthias Weßendorf: Terraform has nothing.
30:16 Peter Double: What was the other one observability and what?
30:19 Calum Murray: like as an example TLS, like
30:19 Peter Double: You know. Yes, okay, yeah, and yeah and I mean understanding that list and then they start
30:22 Calum Murray: Stuff like that.
30:28 Peter Double: out with just something super super basic, but then, we're helping to
30:29 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
30:32 Peter Double: standardize it into our system. That that's where I was thinking. Was that, I
30:33 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
30:36 Peter Double: mean, the metadata meant made sense to me immediately, but if there's other areas that help it standardize to our need, that's the kind of stuff that I want to be able to make sure that we can handle. And if we can take an already, containerized mcpe and add these things on and be confident in those and invalidate, that kind of final product to make sure that everything's where it should be, that's gonna help the client get live faster on our system on open shift, AI.
31:02 Matthias Weßendorf: yeah, I I have sorry, I know we are probably out of time, whatever one more question, in terms of the metadata, Like, I was reviewing the bits that Chris has put in there and Chris and I, we
31:11 Peter Double: Yeah.
31:14 Matthias Weßendorf: chill it almost like there, and I'd like the minute that I currently is listing some tools, etc. So there's also like the MCP kind of registry is done, not in a sense. When you mean all of the partner servers come with different metadata. Is this? Maybe an initiative that might be also interesting. Maybe I even work. It was the upstream like see where we find gaps from like bringing real servers from partners to life bringing them to customers. Like That's actually also why I did my own like evaluation. There was like my own FCP launcher thingy. Like, I was doing some hybrid version of like, what the standard is some extensions, so that it makes sense for Kubernetes, which is definitely not a concern for like, the mcpe community there per se. But is that what you also mean in terms of like metadata and trying to standardize that a little bit better?
32:04 Peter Double: It's exactly everything. Past the anthropic standard that they aren't caring about and taking care of that are very much affecting Red Hat in terms of our ability to run these on openshift.
32:15 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
32:19 Peter Double: Because I mcps are going into Kubernetes, whether it's red hat or just Kubernetes or whatever, it may be cast, whatever that is definitely a place where I saw that we can be of use and lead, whereas in the actual MCP standard and things like that, we haven't really got any traction. I think that what we can do is be leading in that. And from my understanding, you can correct me where I'm wrong on this, is that there is no upstream Kubernetes MCP, standard World community, talking at the moment to really do this, and I thought that that's something we can kind of be a part of and that it shouldn't even necessarily be in the end just MCP. We're, I mean, what's guard. What is the guardrail situation looking like? If those are going to be containerized in there and available like what are the other things in, the AI asset world that will continually come and, is there a central community place for Kubernetes to handle what the standards need to be around that? Yeah. So initially MCP, for sure, and then after that, what else, can we build
33:22 Matthias Weßendorf: Yeah.
33:23 Peter Double: into that standard? And make sure that we're we're extending the anthropic standard to be handled in a Kubernetes world? I do have another call. I do need to jump onto right now but thank you. This is
33:31 Matthias Weßendorf: I was. You know.
33:37 Peter Double: like again, this is just getting started trying to figure out all these things so I thank you for that. But I do still see. Gen MCP is being asked for my boss is asking what the story is with it, and that I'm finally getting that ammunition that I've been telling you guys about for the last year of needing clients to ask for it. So it's all coming to fruition the way we want. And I'm looking forward to driving it forward. I needed a lot more of this information. Once I get this all in line, I will be submitting. A
34:00 Matthias Weßendorf: It was.
34:04 Peter Double: ticket, Of course, I'll share that with everybody. And once I have a better story there as Calum even said, Management needs to know this, so that way you can actually get dedicated time to work on these things. So we'll definitely get that information.
34:16 Peter Double: And as fast as possible, but platform, engineering is very about making a pipeline. And I think the clients need a way to be able to make these things as well. And we're trying to ease the addition to the catalog instead of having to put everything just in the config file, being able to have an easier way to get things into the MCP catalog. So yeah, thank you all for your time and we'll catch up soon.
34:35 Matthias Weßendorf: Thanks for driving this bye. Have a nice weekend.
34:38 Calum Murray: Thanks Steve.
34:38 Peter Double: You do take these guys.
  